Add dropck documentation (#1767)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/borrow_check/drop_check.md

# Drop Check

We generally require the type of locals to be well-formed whenever the
local is used. This includes proving the where-bounds of the local and
also requires all regions used by it to be live.

> The only exception to this is the implicitly dropping values when they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only exception to this is when implicitly dropping values when they
```

go out of scope. This does not necessarily require the value to be live:

```rust
fn main() {
    let x = vec![];
    {
        let y = String::from("I am temporary");
        x.push(&y);
    }
    // `x` goes out of scope here, after the reference to `y`
    // is invalidated. This means that while dropping `x` its type
    // is not well-formed as it contain regions which are not live.
}
```

This is only sound if dropping the value does not try to access any dead

> region. The code responsible for this is `dropck_outlives`.

Reviewer: This is only sound if dropping the value does not try to access any dead
region. We check this by requiring the type of the value to be *drop-live*.
The requirements for which are computed in `fn dropck_outlives`.

have been dropped previously, dropck still requires this value to be
live. This is the case even if we completely moved a local.

```rust
fn main() {
    let mut x;
    {
        let temp = String::from("I am temporary");
        x = PrintOnDrop(&temp);
        drop(x);
    }
} //~ ERROR `temp` does not live long enough.
```

It should be possible to add some amount of drop elaboration before
borrowck, allowing this example to compile. There is an unstable feature
to move drop elaboration before const checking:
[#73255](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/73255). Such a feature
gate does not exist for doing some drop elaboration before borrowck,
although there's a [relevant
MCP](https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/558).

[^traitobj]: you can consider trait objects to have a builtin `Drop`
implementation which directly uses the `drop_in_place` provided by the
vtable. This `Drop` implementation requires all its generic parameters
to be live.

### `dropck_outlives`

There are two distinct "liveness" computations that we perform:

* a value `v` is *use-live* at location `L` if it maybe "used" later; a
  *use* here is basically anything that is not a *drop*

> * a value `v` is *drop-live* at location `L` if it maybe dropped later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* a value `v` is *drop-live* at location `L` if it may be dropped later
```

When things are *use-live*, their entire type must be valid at `L`. When
they are *drop-live*, all regions that are required by dropck must be

> valid at `L`.  These "values" would be better thought of as places.

Reviewer: > These "values" would be better thought of as places.

This seems like a somewhat weird sentence :thinking: I vaguely remember Niko mentioning that he prefers to talk about dropping places instead of values? I personally don't have a strong opinion here. Maybe change the wording to

"The values dropped in the MIR are [*places*](https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_middle/mir/struct.Place.html)." or sth?
